# SQL vs NoSQL Database
| SQL      | NoSQL |
| ----------- | ----------- |
|  Relational Databases (RDBMS)    | non-relational or distributed database 
| table based databases     | document based, key-value pairs 
| predefined schema    | dynamic schema 
|vertically scalable     | horizontally scalable 


## What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?
 SQL databases are best fit for heavy duty transactional type applications, as it is more stable and promises the atomicity as well as integrity of the data.

 ## Give a real world example
 MySQL Community Edition: is very popular open-source database. It is generally been stacked with apache and PHP, although it can be also stacked with nginx and server side javascripting using Node js. 

 ## What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?
 While you can use NoSQL for transactions purpose, it is still not comparable and sable enough in high load and for complex transactional applications.

 ## Give a real world example.
 MongoDB: is one of the most popular document based NoSQL database as it stores data in JSON like documents. It is non-relational database with dynamic schema.

 ## Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?
 NoSQL databases as it follows the key-value pair way of storing data similar to JSON data. NoSQL database are highly preferred for large data set

 ## Which type of database is best for scalability?
 In most typical situations, SQL databases are vertically scalable. You can manage increasing load by increasing the CPU, RAM, SSD, etc, on a single server. On the other hand, NoSQL databases are horizontally scalable. You can just add few more servers easily in your NoSQL database infrastructure to handle the large traffic.
 